[TASK] Rewrite TypoScript chapter (#2818)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Configuration/TypoScript/Syntax/Operators/Index.rst

   TypoScript; Operator "="
   TypoScript; Value assignment
.. _typoscript-syntax-syntax-equal-operator:
.. _typoscript-syntax-syntax-value-assignment:

Value assignment with "="
-------------------------

This most common operator assigns a single line value to an identifier path.
Everything after the :typoscript:`=` character until the end of the line is
considered to be the value. The value is trimmed, leading and trailing whitespaces
are removed.

Values are parsed for constant references. With a value assignment like
:typoscript:`foo = someText {$someConstant} furtherText`, the parser will
look up the constant reference :typoscript:`{$someConstant}` and tries to
substitute it with a defined constant value. If such a constant does not
exist, it falls back to the string literal including the :typoscript:`{$` and
:typoscript:`}` characters.

A couple of examples:

.. include:: /CodeSnippets/TypoScriptSyntax/OperatorAssignment.rst.txt

.. index::
   TypoScript; Operator "( )"
   TypoScript; Multi-line values
.. _typoscript-syntax-syntax-round-brackets:
.. _typoscript-syntax-syntax-multiline-values:

Multiline assignment with "(" and ")"
-------------------------------------

> Opening and closing parenthesis are used to assign multiline values. This allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening and closing parenthesis are used to assign multi-line values. This allows
```
